1) Lets make a collection where we are creating save function when we don't have db.

2) We should make a repo or storage layer, to store any entity, so that we have to call only .save() or .get() type
functions no matter what the implementation is.

3) In go for any complex data type like struct or array of int, we can use {} to declare initial value
Like, arr:= [2]int{3,4};

4) We can directly use ptr.name instead of (*ptr).name in go.

5) A package living inside an internal directory can only be imported by packages that are rooted 
    under the immediate parent directory of that internal directory.

6) We break servlet of java in two major files handlers and router.

7)  main.go ->creates ONE Storage ->injects into Handler ->all handlers use same storage

example of handler ->
type Handler struct {
    storage *Storage
    logger  *Logger
    config  *Config
    queue   *Queue
}
So, we need this.

8) 127.x.x.x address reserved for loopback, so almost every request comes to own machine.

9) -> Virutal machine books some cpu resouces (like register, heap -> memory of cpu), computer memory using its
   own os instance. In that vm, process can run which books its own memory from the vm, and threads acts like workers using
   allocated memory to process.
   -> OS is software layer bw user and computer hardware
   -> CPU contains ALU, CU, Registers, Cache and System Clock.

10) -> Virutal threads are mananged by software and traditional threads by OS.
   -> TT generally doesn't leave a task in bw, it may stop in bw but will not be free.
   -> VT can leave a task in bw, if task goes needs some IO operation.
   -> TT context switches in some fixed time intervals but virtual threads doesn't switches without planning.
      It may switch when some IO or DB heavy task comes.
   -> Some few VT can perform a lot of tasks because they have freedom of getting free before completing
      a task and hence have virtual in their name.
   -> for context switching TT uses system call and store in cpu registersm while for VT is handled in user
      space with saving in jvm heap objects.
   -> In TT memory allocated is fixed i.e. 1 MB, we can alter it. If some task exceeds this memory than 
      StackOverflow exception is given. In VT this memory allocation automatically provides more heap chunks
      if needed.
    -> VT cam to solve java Project Loom problem(java's legacy blocking issue).

11) -> Goroutines is a lightweight thread of execution mananged completely by Go, similar to Java's VT.
    -> They also have dynamic memory allocation. Can grow and shrink.
    -> Go is based on CSP model (Communicating Sequential Process) where core idea is -:
       Independent processes communicate through message passing instead of shared memory.
       Only 1 goroutine must own a state.
    -> Channels are used for communication. Channels are synchronized interanally by go.
    -> locks are also availaible and are used for simple shared data. For simple code sharing is over engineering.
    -> Main goroutine already is present adding go keyword provides more goroutines.
    -> When main function ends all goroutines gets killed.

12) in go arrays, int, string, struct are passed by value, maps, slices, Channels are by passed by value but have 
    copy of reference too.

13) for { select { ... } }, for is infinite loop for events, and select tells to wait for more than 1 channels simulteously.
    If no select is there than it will wait for the first channel until the first channel gets element then proceeds
    to next.

14) We can use batch processing of write requests to achive high throughput. Writing one by one is expensive.
    Reasons-:
    Without Batching: If you execute 1,000 separate inserts, the database may have to flush data to the disk 
    1,000 times to commit each individual transaction.
    With Batching: The database groups those 1,000 inserts into a single transaction. It writes the 
    data to memory (buffers) and executes a single, sequential write to the disk log at the very end.
    Single Processing: 100 inserts = 100 requests sent + 100 responses waited for. If network latency is even 2ms, 
    that's at least 200ms spent just sitting on the wire.
    Batch Processing: 100 inserts = 1 request sent + 1 response waited for. You pay the network latency tax exactly once.

    Some data may lost in batching, but for metrices small data loss is accetable.

15) Instrumentation is writing necessary code along with libraries and monitoring is using the code to monitor application.

16) go.mod -> Tells about the dependencies present and assist installing at once
    go.sum -> includes checksums and helps to pull dependencies from cache when we run again afte first time.

17) Context in go.

18) Prometheus for query wise view of metric. Graffana can use prometheus, postgres or many other dbs to show all the 
    information related to system on one page. Basically we can create a dashboard using Graffana.

19) A Windows Service is a program that:

    Runs in the background
    No terminal needed
    Starts automatically (optional)
    Can keep running after logout

    Win + R and enter services.msc and you can open running or stopped window service.
    Linux equivalent is daemon.

20) Why docker?
    someone trying this project must install:
    Go, PostgreSQL, Prometheus, Grafana and configure everything manually.

    Docker lets you package:
    Application +   Dependencies + Runtime

21) Docker compose -> To run multi container application.

22) Docker compose can help you create service and that service is accessible by its name mapped to 
    a private IP. Some IPs are available for private use on your local. So no need for localhost:8080,
    you can run service_name:8080.

23) 
       Deployment
           ↓
       Creates Pods
           ↓
       Pods run application
           ↓
       Service exposes Pods
           ↓
       ConfigMap provides configuration
           ↓
       Secret provides passwords/API keys

24) Minikube is for testing and everything is on one node.
    Minikube Node
├── API Server
├── Scheduler
├── etcd
├── Controller Manager
└── Your Pods